Introduction about django framework.
What is MVT?
The MVT (Model View Template) is a software design pattern. It is a collection of three important components Model View and Template.
1.The Model helps to handle database. It is a data access layer which handles the data.
2.The Template is a presentation layer which handles User Interface part completely. 
3.The View is used to execute the business logic and interact with a model to carry data and renders a template.
 
 
GIT-GITHUB:-
What is GIT?
Git is a distributed version control system (DVCS) that allows developers to track changes in their  codebase, collaborate with others, and manage different versions of their projects efficiently. Git was developed by Linus Torvalds in 2005 for Linux Kernel development.
Why use Git?
1. Version Control: Git helps in tracking changes, allowing you to revert to previous states if something goes wrong.
2. Collaboration: It enables multiple developers to work on a project simultaneously without interfering with each
    Other’s work.
3. Backup: Your entire project history is saved in a Git repository, providing backup of all versions.
4. Branching and Merging: Git’s branching model allows you to experiment with new features or bug fixes
    independently from the main project.
5. Open-Source Projects: Most open-source projects use Git for version control. Learning Git allows you to contribute 
    To these projects.
6. Industry Standard: Git is widely used in the software industry, making it an essential skill for developers.
Features of Git
 
What is GitHub?
GitHub is an immense platform for code hosting. It supports version controlling and collaboration and allows developers to work together on projects.  
Essential components of the GitHub are:
Repositories
Branches
Commits
Pull Requests
Git (the version control tool GitHub is built on)
 
Advantages of GitHub?
It is easy to contribute to open-source projects via GitHub.
It helps to create an excellent document.
It allows your work to get out there in front of the public.
You can track changes in your code across versions.
 
 
Features of GitHub?
Collaboration
Integrated issue and bug tracking
Graphical representation of branches
Git repositories hosting
Project management
Team management
 
commamnds of git.
1.git config --global user.email "your email"
2.git config --global user.name "your name"
3.git config --global user.password "your password"
4.git clone "repository link"
5.git init
6.cd repository name
7.code .
8.git status
9.git add .
10.git commit -m "message"
11.git push origin branch name